Battle Tank Game
GDD V1.0 (@09 Oct 16)

Game Flow
1) Main Menu
2) Play Game ->Win or Lose
3) Performance Screen
4) Main Menu

Game Rules
The objective of the game is to eliminate all the other enemy tanks by firing at them, while navigating through the terrain. Each tank *can have a different* set of characteristics such as HP, Speed, Damage per Bullet and Size, which will provide a richer experience for the player.

Game Status
1) GameIsPlaying - There is at least one enemy tank and a player tank still in the battlefield.
2) GameIsWon - Only the player tank remains on the battlefield.
3) GameIsLost - The player tank has been eliminated.
4) UnknownStatus - Default status for debugging issues.
5) GameIsPaused - Game is paused while on the In-Game Menu.

Actor Status
1) Eliminated - When a tank's HP is reduced to 0 or less. The following effects apply:
     a) Tank Mesh remains on the battlefield.
     b) Tank loses all game controls (movement, fire, aim, etc)
2) Active - Tank has more than 0HP. Has all game controls.

Mechanics
1) HP - Represents the durability of a tank. When a tank's HP is reduced to 0 or less, it is eliminated.
2) Speed - Represents how mobile a tank is. Higher speed increases the rate of movement. Speed can be reduced by terrain type or after a certain treshold of damage taken.
3) Damage per Bullet - This is the HP loss inflicted on enemy tanks when a bullet from this tank hits them.
4) Size - The bigger the tank, the easier it is to aim at it.
5) Ammo - It is Finite. Player will lose the "Fire" game control when it is 0.

Game Interface
1) Player HUD
     a) Aim Scope [Mouse] - Free movement along the screen. [Green] when not focusing an enemy and [Red] when focusing an enemy unit.
     b) HP - Shows the current and total HP of your tank.
     c) Speed - Rate = 1.0 when on normal terrain and full hp. Less than 1.0 if affected by terrain or damage.
     d) Ammo - Remaining ammo is shown.
2) Player Camera - Third Person View ->Allows for better navigation of the level.
3) In-Game Menu
     a) Continue - Returns to game
     b) Quit - Returns to main menu

Game Controls
1) Aim Scope [Mouse] - Free movement along the screen.
2) Tank Movement [WASD]
3) Fire Bullet [RMB] - Fires a hitscan bullet.
4) In-Game Menu [Esc] - Opens an In-Game Menu.
     a) Mouse Over Select [Mouse]
     b) Confirm Selection [LMB]

Requirements
1) Sound FX
     a) Engine Running
     b) Tank Explosion
     c) Bullet Fire
     d) Bullet Hit
2) Music
     a) War Music
3) 3d Models
     a) Tank Model
     b) Bullet Model
4) Particle Effects
     a) Explosion
